(File 0-isupper.c) a function that checks for uppercase character. Prototype: int_isupper(int c); Returns 1 if c is uppercase, Returnes 0 otherwise
(File 1-isdigit.c) a function that checks for a digit (0 through 9). Prototype: int_isdigit(int c); Returns 1 if c is a digit returns 0 otherwise
(file 2-mul.c) a function that multiplies two integers.
(file 3-print_numbers.c) a function that prints the numbers, from 0 to 9, followed by a new line.
(file 4-print_most_numbers, from o to 9, followed by a new line. Do not print 2 and 4.
(file 5-more_numbers.c) a function that prints 10 times the numbers, from 0 to 14, followed by a new line.
(file 6-print_line.c) a function that draws a straight line in the terminal. Prototype: void print_line(int n);You can only use _putchar function to print where n is the number of times the character _ should be printed, the line should end with a \n if n is 0 or less, the function should only only print \n.
(file 7-print_diagonal.c) a function that draws a diagonal line on the terminal. Prototype: void print_daigonal(int n); you can only use _putchar function to printwhere n is the number of times the character \ should be printed. The diagonal should end with a \n if n is 0 or less, the function should only print \n.
(file 8-print_square.c) a funnction that prints a square, followed by a new line. prototype: void print_square(int size); you can only use _putchar function to print where size is the size of a square if size is 0 or less, the function should print only a new line use the character # to print the square.
(file 9-fizz_buzz.c) The fizz-buzz test is an interview question designed to help filter out the 99.5% of programming jobs, candidates who can't program their way out of a wet paper bag. Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 - 100, followed by a new line. But for multiples of 3 print fizz instead of the number and for the multiples of 5 print FizzBuzz, for numbers which are multiples of both 3 and 5 print FizzBuzz.
(file 10-print_triangle.c) a function that prints a triangle, followed by a new line. Prototype: void print_triangle(int size); you can only use _putchar function to print where size is the size of the triangle , if size is 0 or less, the function should print only a new line using the # to print the triangle.
(file 100-prime_factor.c) the prime factors of 1231952 are 2,2,2,2,37 and 2081. Write a program that findas and prints the largest prime factor of the number 612852475143, follwed by a new line. you are allowed to use the the standard library, then your prgram will be compiled with the command: gcc -Wall - pedantic -Werror -Wextra -std=gnu89 100-prime_factor.c -o 100-prime_factor -lm
(file 101-print_number.c) a function that prints an integer. Prototype: void print_number(int n); you can only use _putchar function to print you are not allowed to use long , arrarys or pointers or hard-code special values
